Where to go?
Go to the hospital for memory recovery training
aunt
Yingying told me yesterday
You made Song Nianyi the CEO of the company
I don't agree with that.
A gold digger
How can you manage a large group well?
When you come back
Remove him from his position
Exchange Yingying reward
Song Nianyi's performance
The whole group is there for all to see
The project of the richest man in Jade Dragon City was also won by him
I don't think the whole group
There is a second person as smart as him
Nice.
Mom, you have been out of the group for many years
Don't get involved in this matter?
Did I misread Grandpa Song?
Grandpa Song, I want to see what he is capable of
Hey Yingying
Don't touch your feet
I am now the wife of the president
What if someone gets caught on camera?
Yingying
So I heard you're pregnant.
Is it mine?
So what if it's yours?
You poor man, can you afford it?
The child belongs to Nangong Ye
That is the young master of Nangong Group
I want to follow you as much as possible
Is it possible to be a repairman for the rest of your life?
Nangong Night Nangong Night
All afraid sons
Why is he desperate?
You said they were going to give me all mine back
Have you seen this man?
Longevity lock
20 years ago, Qiao Wangfeng, the richest man in the country, made a lot of money to find his granddaughter
This is trust me
That is to say
Song Nianyi is not an orphan
He is the lost granddaughter of the richest man in the country
Hey Yoyo